Improve Pull Request template to have a shorter testing section with enhanced instructions (#8357)
netdata/netdata: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

In "Component Name" section write which component is changed in this PR. This
will help us review your PR quicker.

> In "Test Plan" please detail exactly how you plan to test this PR with enough

Reviewer: In "Test Plan," provide enough detail on how you plan to test this PR so that a reviewer can validate your tests. If our CI covers sufficient tests, then state which tests cover the change.

Author: I _think_ I said this at the top? I can duplicate it here too if you like :)

Reviewer: A rule of thumb for technical writing is not use "please" so I rewrote those sentences.

Author: Thanks :) I personally prefer to use polite language; but I'm oaky with this! I'm not a Technical Writer!

Reviewer 2: > A rule of thumb for technical writing is not use "please"

```bash
184 ilyam:netdata (master)$ grep -i "please" * -R | wc -l
     201
```

And what about `kindly` @shortpatti ? 😆 

> packaging/installer/methods/offline.md:# For binaries for OS types and architectures not listed on [go.d releases](https://github.com/netdata/go.d.plugin/releases/latest), kindly open a github issue and we will do our best to serve your request

Author: @ilyam8 Stop trol'n 🤣

> In "Test Plan" please detail exactly how you plan to test this PR with enough

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In "Test Plan" provide enough detail on how you plan to test this PR so that a reviewer can validate your tests. If our CI covers sufficient tests, then state which tests cover the change.
```

> detail that a reviewer can validate your tests. If sufficient tests are

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> covered by our CI then state which tests cover the change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

##### Component Name

##### Test Plan

<!---

> Please be detailed enough that your reviewer can understand which test-cases you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide enough detail so that your reviewer can understand which test-cases you
```

have covered, and recreate them if necessary. If sufficient tests are covered

> by our CI then state which tests cover the change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by our CI, then state which tests cover the change.
```
